Fix crash when receive a BigDecimal inside `_@timestamp` (#67)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-gelf: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.3.1

>   - Fix: safely coerce the value of `_@timestamp` to don't crash the plugin [#67](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-gelf/pull/67)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fix: safely coerce the value of `_@timestamp` to avoid crashing the plugin [#67](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-gelf/pull/67)
```
